OCPBUGS#27838: Doc improvements in "Uninstalling LVM Storage" procs (#70717)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-uninstalling-logical-volume-manager-operator-using-openshift-web-console.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You have access to {product-title} as a user with `cluster-admin` permissions.

> * You have deleted the `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: The order is important here. This should be done after removing the PVCs, snapshots, etc.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> * You have deleted the persistent volume claims (PVCs), persistent volumes (PVs), volume snapshots, and volume clones provisioned by {lvms}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have deleted the persistent volume claims (PVCs), volume snapshots, and volume clones provisioned by {lvms}, and the applications utilizing these resources.
```
Persistent volumes (PVs) are removed by lvms once the PVCs are removed by the user.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.
. Click *Operators* → *Installed Operators*.
. Click *LVM Storage* in the `openshift-storage` namespace.
. Click the *Details* tab. 
. From the *Actions* menu, select *Uninstall Operator*.

> . Optional: When prompted, select *Delete all operand instances for this operator* checkbox to delete the operand instances for {lvms}. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: When prompted, select the *Delete all operand instances for this operator* checkbox to delete the operand instances for {lvms}. 
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
